# Bragi Sample App

## Step 1.

*Desctiption*

1. Create 3 screens (Log In, Sign Up, Forgot Password) with an appropriate button at the center for each. A user opens screens in the listed order (use a navigation stack)
2. Create popup with 3 states:
    - connection error
    - connecting
    - connection established
    
    When a user presses a button, show a ​"message sent​" a pop up only if the current state is a c​onnection established.​

3. Every 5 seconds show a simple pop up with a message ​only ​on the c​urrent​ screen (at the top).

*Assumption:* user can be navigated to the next screen only if state == "connection established"

*Requirenements:*
- Use RxSwift to generate a connection state (in a random manner).
- The next state should not be equal to the previous one.
- Be consistent. Select any architecture of your choice and follow it on all screens. It might include but
is not limited to MVC, MVVM, MVP, Redux/Flux.
- Please do not access a shared state directly inside a view controller (e. g. State.shared)​and take
advantage of t​he Dependency Injection principle instead.
- Add unit tests for the state generator and the state renderer (e. g. UIViewController)
- Support for iOS 11.0+

## Step 2.

Implement an operation queue using RxSwift.

1. Add a button with a Send Commands title to the first screen.
2. When a user presses this button, create an array of commands with ID from 1 to 10.
3. Let’s assume that each command takes ID-seconds to execute.
a. You can use ​DispatchQueue.main.async(after:)​or any other approach to simulate the delay.
4. Each command just prints its ID to the console at the end of the execution.
5. Start the next command only when the previous one is completed.

## Configuration

### gitignore

The project uses autogenerated gitignore files which is made using [gitignore.io](gitignore.io)

Note: `Pods` and `Carthage` folders are uncommented.

### swiftgen

[Swiftgen](https://github.com/SwiftGen/SwiftGen) 6.5.1 is used for generating compile time assets, localisations and storyboards.

Generated files are not ignored.

*Known issue:* [Xcode 14 beta compile error when generate xcassets](https://github.com/SwiftGen/SwiftGen/issues/1004)
